zed: yoga merge (#967)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/operations/tempest.rst

    by setting the following in ``/etc/docker/daemon.json``:

    .. code-block:: json

        {
            "bridge": "none",
            "iptables": false
        }

    The bridge is the most common cause of issues and is *usually* safe to
    disable. Disabling the ``iptables`` rules will break any GitHub actions
    runners running on the host.

To install Docker on Ubuntu:

.. code-block:: bash

    # Add Docker's official GPG key:
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install ca-certificates curl
    sudo install -m 0755 -d /etc/apt/keyrings
    sudo curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg -o /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc
    sudo chmod a+r /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc

    # Add the repository to Apt sources:
    echo \
    "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu \
    $(. /etc/os-release && echo "$VERSION_CODENAME") stable" | \
    sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list > /dev/null
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin

> Installing Docker on CentOS/Rocky:

Reviewer: nit: no more centos
```suggestion
Installing Docker on Rocky:
```

Author: If you don't mind I'll follow up with these changes because we have a successful CI run.

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo dnf install -y dnf-utils
    sudo dnf-config-manager --add-repo https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/docker-ce.repo
    sudo dnf install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin

Ensure Docker is running & enabled:

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo systemctl start docker
    sudo systemctl enable docker

The Docker ``buildx`` plugin must be installed. If you are using an existing
installation of docker, you may need to install it with:

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo dnf/apt install docker-buildx-plugin
    sudo docker buildx install
    # or if that fails:
    sudo docker plugin install buildx

Building a Kayobe container
---------------------------

Build a Kayobe automation image:

> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     git submodule init
>     git submodule update
>     # If running on Ubuntu, the fact cache can confuse Kayobe in the CentOS-based container
>     mv etc/kayobe/facts{,-old}
>     sudo DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build --file .automation/docker/kayobe/Dockerfile --tag kayobe:latest .

Reviewer: Currently still need the extra build arg for a rocky 9 container
```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash

    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    # If running on Ubuntu, the fact cache can confuse Kayobe in the Rocky linux based container
    mv etc/kayobe/facts{,-old}
    sudo DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=rockylinux:9 --file .automation/docker/kayobe/Dockerfile --tag kayobe:latest .
```
